[Music]
guys cut it to Qaeda back with you um so
today I wanted to show you a special
promotion that I think is worth
mentioning with final fantasy xiv mrs.
fresh leaves in final fantasy xiv
started to promotion in june or july i
believe a certain mrs. fresh these items
will be marked with the storm gloves
logo by the way this video is not at all
sponsored by mrs. fresh lease or final
fantasy xiv storm blood i should say if
it's not already obvious i know it's
hard to believe with my professionalism
back on topic
sir mrs. freshly items will be marked
with the storm blood block oh and if you
use the app called flipper the li PPAR
to take a photo of these products it'll
show like a little mini trailer for the
game after that it'll pull up a screen
that you enter your name and email and
this is how you submit like you submit
your information to get a code for the
game but do not do not autofill these
doing this will not get your submission
to activate basically a little stick to
the submitted screen basically if the
bars that you enter your information is
yellow and you go to click submit it
won't it won't do anything they have to
be like once you get this activated
you'll let see a code pop up
then people you need to click press the
Save code tab basically and your code
will be saved to your gallery once you
get your coats go to the Mach station
and log in under the tab your account
access to enter item code tab there will
be a bar once you do then to item codes
will be like five little bars underneath
that you going you put your twenty five
digit code in and that's where you
access your gallery to go see like the
tiny screenshots of the book wrap took
for you what are you sure your codes
you'll be able to get a special in-game
item silver to your character which is
what I'm gonna show you right now
they're basically Honeybuns and you're
allowed I believe five for entry and
you're only allowed to submit three
different times and one day and you're
also allowed to enter it ten four times
I'd already done this yesterday I had
submit three times for some reason today
I don't know what happened
but apparently I didn't save one of my
codes so I was only able to submit to
that's why I said you need to click the
press the Save code button because it
will not like it will not screenshot
your codes if you do not
so once you put in your codes your
in-game items will basically be
delivered to you with the delivery
moogle and here you see I have already
done mine there's like I said five per
entry you're allowed to do this ten
times and all so basically now I've got
25 of these since it's five per entry
you get a maximum of ten it looks like
the most anybody is ever gonna get is 50
that's not gonna be from my case I'm
gonna probably gonna get 45 since I was
not able to I was not able to get that
other code but they offer a really good
at XP bonus and piety and vitality which
is pretty good again this video isn't
anyway sponsored by mrs. fresh leads or
storm blood or final fantasy xiv or
anybody but I thought this promotion was
worth mentioning because it's one of
those things that it connects the real
world to that Co video game and I like
stuff like that like I have a minion
setup but from this Granick store right
here it's called the halo dark carbuncle
basically I bought a plushy carbuncle
from squirt in it
it came with a code that you entered and
you can actually get your own carbuncle
plushie in the game so it's I think it's
stuff like that's really cool when it
comes to promotional stuff for final
fantasy xiv usually they try to stay
towards the japanese or area which
there's some stuff for quite a fancy
fourteen in japan that we're probably
never gonna see over here in america or
over in like brazil with this promotion
it's really cool because everybody can
get on it so you don't even have to buy
their products you can just take a
picture of it in the store which is what
a lot of people do i really like
something mrs. fresh lisa products
that's why I ended up buying but yet I
ended up buying the chocolate cupcakes
it's so easy I just have to repeat that
do not auto fill in your submission
information because then
your your sufficient won't activate this
has stumped a lot of people and I hope
this video kind of clears that up for
some people because I've heard of people
who go and they tried the promotion and
they get caught at the autofilter
because a lot of like most phones these
days are gonna have an auto fill an
option we have to put it in a letter for
letter number for number yeah I think
this is gonna be a worth it promotion in
a way like I said these actually have a
decent amount of the exp bonus and if
you eat more than one it'll extend your
time for someone who has an access store
blood content this could actually be I
feel because it's like exp bonus so if
you're going through storm blood and you
have like got dude I mean sorry quest
scenario whatever you want to call it
basically if you use these you can
breeze right through it but I hope this
video helped you guys and thank you guys
for watching go ahead and check out the
other videos if you'd like like or
subscribe if you want to leave a comment
I boy so fitting the feedback and I hope
you guys enjoy the game and promotion
hopefully so you guys have a nice day
you